Madam Gao
The matter has been completely resolved
You are completely safe
Auntie Xiaofan asked you?
The one you said
The person who threatens the safety of me and Xiaoyu
Who is it?
Oh, you said it
Just some traitorous party?
These senior managers know
It's not that simple
I did.
Those remnants have been wiped out by him
How could there be blockage?
Madam, don't ask
This is about frontier secrets
When the time is right
I will tell you naturally
Okay, this shouldn't be asked, let me stop meddling
The most important thing now
It's your marriage to my daughter
Mom, what's going on?
Yes, it's a marriage!
Auntie has already read the almanac
At the end of this month?
Those were the good days.
Everything happens early
Auntie took care of your marriage
Mom, what are you talking about?
Shut up, didn't I tell you to sleep?
Wait a minute
I've never heard you talk about that.
Hey old lady
I don't have that kind of relationship with Mr. Gao
Why is our little fish not worthy of you?
No no no
I didn't mean that either.
It's not the right thing to do.
I'm just responsible for protecting Mr. Gao's safety
I, I, I, I have no other thoughts.
Well, even if Auntie thinks too much
Then I'll ask you again now.
Will you marry my daughter or not?